Add API Key Authentication Support to Documentation (#239)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio: README.md

![Search Results](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/master/ballerina/resources/search-phone-number.png)
> **Notice:** Many countries require identity documentation for Phone Number compliance. Requests to provision phone numbers with these regulations will be required to select or add the required documentation after clicking Buy in Console. To see which countries and phone number types are affected by these requirements, please see twilio's [Phone Number Regulations](https://www.twilio.com/guidelines/regulatory) site.

> ### Step 3: Obtain a Twilio API Key, API Secret with Account SID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Obtain the Twilio account SID with API key and API secret
```

> You can find API Keys related information under [API keys & tokens](https://console.twilio.com/us1/account/keys-credentials/api-keys) section in your Twilio account. If you do not have an API Key and a Secret, please complete the following steps:

Reviewer: Apply where necessary
```suggestion
You can find API keys related information under [API keys & tokens](https://console.twilio.com/us1/account/keys-credentials/api-keys) section in your Twilio account. If you do not have an API key and a secret, please complete the following steps:
```

- <b>Region:</b> Enter the geographical region where the API key will be used.
- <b>Key type:</b> There are different types of API keys you can create,
    - <b>Standard:</b> Provides access to all Twilio API functionalities except for managing API keys and configuring accounts and subaccounts.
    - <b>Main:</b> Offers the same access as standard keys but also allows managing API keys and configuring accounts and subaccounts.
    - <b>Restricted:</b> Allows fine-grained access to specific Twilio API resources, enabling you to set permissions for different API endpoints

3. Save the API key SID and the Secret in a safe place to use in your application.

![API Key Info](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/master/ballerina/resources/api-key-info.png)

> **Important:** This secret is only shown once. Please make note of it and store it in a safe and a secure location.

4. In order to obtain the Account SID of your Twilio account, you can visit your [Twilio console](https://www.twilio.com/console).

> ![Twilio Credentials](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/master/ballerina/resources/get-credentails.png)

Reviewer 2: Following image shows auth-token based credential retrieval method. But the description on point #4 does not describe it properly. Shall we update the content ?

Author: This image shows how users can retrieve the account Sid. Since we are using API key based authentication mechanism, we need to get the account Sid as well. In the Twilio console, both account Sid and the auth token are placed together like in the image..

Reviewer 2: Check this comment [1] 

[1] - https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/pull/239#discussion_r1839716356

![Search Results](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/master/ballerina/resources/search-phone-number.png)
> **Notice:** Many countries require identity documentation for Phone Number compliance. Requests to provision phone numbers with these regulations will be required to select or add the required documentation after clicking Buy in Console. To see which countries and phone number types are affected by these requirements, please see twilio's [Phone Number Regulations](https://www.twilio.com/guidelines/regulatory) site.

> ### Step 3: Obtain a Twilio API Key, API Secret with Account SID

Author: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/pull/239#discussion_r1837450390
FYI
